Well, visit Charlie Neitz, fresh out of a non-successful battle with a flu here.
Bringing you to the left of the district you read and interviews,
the Senate's directorate to keep all from that activity in the United States Senate.
The weekly devoted to a continuation of debate on the current national gas bill,
and Senator Kees Paulver again, for his participating in the new discussion.
Senator, what about the curve bill?
What's totally a difficult to predict the outcome right now?
I do think the Senator Paul Douglas is ill and I, and others of us,
who have a cold this measure, have made some general.
At any rate, the bill is not in time.
The easest letting was not executed for it in the beginning.
Let me hear a guess in the next one.
Well, in the first place, I think it is a chance for those who have a cold,
and support the bill to refer to it as benefiting independent natural gas distribution.
None of these, as so-called independence, are meant in overall.
As a matter of fact, they are large companies,
like the standard order of New Jersey, of New York, or Indiana,
the Phillips-Deficit Union Company.
And these so-called independent, large independent,
produce about 70% nearly free force of all the natural gas sold in the state public.
For the forces, they're only type of natural gas,
commerce, with which countries make the service.
Some of these companies have been earning up to 40% dividends on their common stock.
This bill would take away the power of the federal power commission
to regulate sales of natural gas and interstate commerce,
and thereby would commit a large increase in the individual consumers' gas bill.
The whole question is whether there is sufficient compensation at the producing end
to keep prices in line.
If there is sufficient compensation and there's no use for regulation,
but if there is not sufficient compensation as a producing land
so that they can run prices up and up and up,
but then of course it's necessary to have the power of regulations.
The whole hearings before the interstate commerce committee,
and all of the argument in the Senate,
are shown that there is rather very nature of things,
not sufficient production at the producing end,
but surely there's going to be a fair price for a reasonably stable low price
in the cost of natural gas.
And that's the reason I'm against the bill.
There isn't a fraction of the steamfaller,
that the natural gas company is now enjoying something of a legal loophole
in the income tax laws, which the misdemeanor earned in the use of products.
Well that's true, Charlie, although legislation may be passed
at this session to plug up that loophole,
but the experience of that loophole with regard to credit for suspicion
is all the more reason my natural gas consumers should be protected
from further increases in rate,
but it is also a professional profit distribution.
I believe you have some facts and figures regarding specific facts
on Tennessee natural gas and services.
Well that's right, and I put those facts and figures
in the congressional records the other day.
Tennessee is not my job as gas producing state,
produced from in the upper fumbling part of the state,
but not a great amount.
But we are becoming an increasingly important gas consuming state.
The extension of natural gas service,
now proposed in Tennessee,
will require more storage.
Very good.
I think it has been mentioned in the two facts.
I think the 1900s,
the next one, not the six figures,
the two that are making some of it in will be purchasing 90 million thousand
cubic feet of gas annually,
all of which will come to us in the state commerce.
For this bill should be passed on reliably informed that we in Tennessee,
would stand to pay about 17 million dollars more for our gas
than we do under fresh rates.
And even if it increases, the amount is to only one cent
of thousand cubic feet on the surface of consumption,
would stand to pay about 900 thousand dollars more each five years.
Based on what is already taken place with respect to field prices
and increases in experience by the time that we have been in.
What is the problem of the ring space?
It's a poor, not-hastic annual.
Can you mean that Tennessee consumers will pay more regardless of the passenger's requirements?
No, not at all.
These increases should come about,
unless some of the particular prices here in the state land
will be paid by the federal fire commissioners.
I can certainly see why you are putting that set of spite against these complex
curable, with thousands, millions, millions, thousands of future bulls.
Now passing on to another topic,
I understand your resolution for an investigation
and nationwide crime operation has cleared the rules for this.
If you request the funds, you will receive $50,000 from 100 thousand dollars.
That was the action of the rules the many of the cities on the first.
Actually, the committee may have done us a favor.
We are giving us an increase of about $12,500 dollars a month
as recommended by the judiciary committee.
The only official difference is the time element.
We are now required to make a report by July 31st,
instead of by the end of this time within the assembly.
I've had a nine-all-along-a-class moving investigation,
and this notion will now become an exception.
Of course, if we are unable to do the job in the time of the lot,
we can always go back and ask for more time.
I know there is a lot of things that we can do in the past.
I know there is a dispute between the judiciary committee
and the Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee,
as the judiciary had jurisdiction with the rules committee.
Does that allow your jurisdiction to dispute?
No, the rules committee didn't settle it,
but the committee seemed to think that this was a proper matter
for the entire Senate to take up and do the size.
As a matter of fact, the President of the Senate,
Vice President Foster, the First Resolution,
is going to be referred to the judiciary committee,
and it is going to be referred to some other committee
which would be the Vice President and the Senate,
and not some particular committee of the Senate.
I do anticipate that there may be a father-epper
on the part of the Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee
to remove the investigations on the judiciary committee on the Senate floor.
The rules committee took no stand in the objection and opposed
the question by Senator Ed Johnson,
the chairman of the Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee.
And the Senate continues to lower the McCarthy charges,
as communism and the state department is continuing to face.
What do you think of his efforts at this point?
Well, we talked about this matter several times, Charlie.
I know all of us could speak a little better
if the matter were brought to a head one way or the other.
The fact is, the only thing I have seen
from the party has been able to do, and six weeks.
This is scarce to death in headlines and radio flexions.
And as far as I know, after this minute,
the Ministry of the McCarthy has not produced one coming in
or once read of new evidence in that regard.
All he has done is to pass and rehearse old charges,
some of which have been just proven a long, long time ago.
There was, for example, the case of Judge Dorothy Centers.
She had been sharpened her disapproval of Russian,
of the Russian delegation to the United Nations
by Judge Cenium was a delegate.
Even Senator McCarty's colleague, Senator Tickin-Lukus,
that I was not really least evident
that Judge Cenium had been reporting in any way
to the First World War that's loyal.
Then there is a case of Philip Joseph,
who had charged with having Senator McCarty
and had an unusual affinity to the communism.
He came and completely disproved his charge
and General Marshall and General Eisenhower's
folk art in his being a great and fine American.
Then it's McCarty didn't get anything on him whatsoever.
I think the common within the public
are beginning to doubt Cenium's democracy
responsibility in the next.
The himself will be the one to suffer a bad name
unless he does more in the future than he has in the past.
He's a substantial agent.
Which brings me to another item, Charlie.
I think I'm just a just as an ex-communist
as the next man, but I will find some much more
of a believer and the governor of democracy
than some others.
Because I've done it in the last broadcast,
if there are communist, the fellow travelers
and federal governments, sooner we can find them out
and fix them out to better.
At the same time, I think the best way
to strengthen out the democracy
is to make it work better.
And now you have some significant interest in my interest.
I do. I refer to the National Science Foundation Bill
which has the House of Representatives last week.
It's still written down with any communist amendments
that the FBI complained about it
and said it would be very bad for the public
and it's important to be passed.
The Human Amendment should make the FBI responsible
not only for investigating the employees
and scholarship holders in the National Science Foundation.
So also the FBI would be required
to pass judgment on its own ruling
so that is of course, which Mr. J.
and the governor of Jekts through very strongly.
And one of the House amendments would automatically
ban anyone who would ever belong
to a so-called communist or organization.
Even though they may have known,
they're not knowing that it is one or it may have turned out
to have been one later off through the organization.
I'd like to quote from an editorial experience
in New York Times on that subject
which seems to be rather sensible.
Putting as every federal appointees
of any important office is fine like this,
it's such a terminal before you take such as work.
And as I ask,
they're likely at any moment to be a sale
and a match and a match like an estate fund bill.
What sort of person may we expect
to have in public employment?
Certainly they will not be the courageous,
plain spoken and intelligent men and women
in the urgency of our time to man.
They are more likely to be weak
because neither office is too concerned
like that of the matter of functionaries
in far off Russia,
as the examination is to make no mistake in the full faith.
I think Charlie will make some mistakes.
Now I'm very hopeful that we will not
become too intent on,
but we will call into the undemocratic
fact that she's our sell.
The very thing we seek to avoid.
Well, I think you're right, Senator.
You can hardly expect others to be the term
on the much less we ourselves
practice to demonstrate its vision
by our own example.
Now, certainly we don't want to advertise
in Maggie's engine,
but I'm a subscriber and a heavy-peer of time
magazines.
30-8 pieces of your Atlantic Union
resolution.
Congratulations.
Well, Charlie, I'm not a dovetye of time magazine,
but this big issue certainly does
way of time greatly in my estimation.
My back, I think.
I might buy several times.
Charlie, our national hour is very pleased
that the thorough coverage of this magazine
gave to Senate's final resolution,
57.
But the hero of the piece is my friend,
Karen Strice, who's picture is on
the cover and is like story of the basis for the audience.
He has certain deserving, having devoted his energy
and activities, its very life to the cause of an effective use.
Mr. Stride is certainly one of the most
unselvable men of this age,
far as I know.
He's very very word-as-say,
he's making a speech.
He has a final word, Senator.
What happened to the middle-income housing
program in the past?
Well, I regret it,
feeding this state of the real estate lobby
has lost everything the administration has
to do and remove this provision
for middle-income housing over-and-house too.
But we've seen that we have no chance
of getting badly needed housing legislation
for the average American as this company.
But let me say an extra-next-unit,
Charlie, that I suppose this company has done better
overall on housing than on any of the most
of the problems that we have had.
The parking bill, which is passed in the beginning,
has provision for extension of FHA
and for lower interest rates and better
amortization to address the current
more people to build housing.
And of course, that part of the spoken
is going on not as good.
And the parking bill also had a provision
and certain instances where it was recommended
by City Commission for us to have a limited
number of low-income housing projects
and some of those are going to be built.
And another provision was parking bill
was for Plum Terrace to assist the cities
in getting a Plum section cleaned up
and back into merciless, valuable properties.
So a great deal has been done in the housing matter
during this session.
Well, I have certainly hoped that we found a town
in the footballs like the United States
and the buildings that have.
I see the now-monitorial clock is calling
an automatic policy session.
The Ohio Liches will be listening
if it stays here next week.
If the FSU bubble will bring you the series
and most weeks of regular reports
from your center to ten,
probably should be zip-by.
Thank you.